docs: update changelog for Permissionless ICS (#2225)
cosmos/interchain-security: .changelog/unreleased/api-breaking/provider/2171-permissionless-ICS.md.md

> - Deprecate the `chain-id` parameter in favour of `consumer-id` for all transactions(TXs) and queries targeting a unique consumer chain. Below is a list highlighting the changes in the CLI commands. All commands assume the prefix `interchain-security-pd tx|q provider`.
>   - **TXs:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the  Permissionless ICS feature on the provider (as per 
  [ADR-019](https://cosmos.github.io/interchain-security/adrs/adr-019-permissionless-ics)),
  which entails the following api-breaking changes on the provider.
  ([\#2171](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/pull/2171))
  
  - Deprecate the `chain-id` parameter in favour of `consumer-id` for all transactions and queries targeting a unique consumer chain. Below is a list highlighting the changes in the CLI commands. All commands assume the prefix `interchain-security-pd tx/q provider`.
    
    - **Transactions**
```

>     | Command                                 | Message                             |

Reviewer: Do not use a table as it's formatted weird in Markdown. Just use bullet point lists, e.g., 

- `opt-in [consumer-id] [consumer-pubkey]` -- submit a [MsgOptIn](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/blob/feat/permissionless/proto/interchain_security/ccv/provider/v1/tx.proto#L256)

Author: Updated.

    |-----------------------------------------|-------------------------------------|

>     | `assign-consensus-key [consumer-id] [consumer-pubkey]`  | [MsgAssignConsensusKey](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/blob/feat/permissionless/proto/interchain_security/ccv/provider/v1/tx.proto#L256)             |

Reviewer: Wrong line. Also, use v5.2.0 as a stable version for the link.

Author: v5.2 doesn't have the new msgs definitions, i.e. MsgCreateConsumer. All links have to be fixed once we get a stable version with Permissionless.

Author: Changed to a main commit hash.

    | `opt-in [consumer-id] [consumer-pubkey]`               | [MsgOptIn](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/blob/feat/permissionless/proto/interchain_security/ccv/provider/v1/tx.proto#L256)                          |
    | `opt-out [consumer-id]`                                | [MsgOptOut](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/blob/feat/permissionless/proto/interchain_security/ccv/provider/v1/tx.proto#L256)                         |
    | `set-consumer-commission-rate [consumer-id] [commission-rate]` | [MsgSetConsumerCommissionRate](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/blob/feat/permissionless/proto/interchain_security/ccv/provider/v1/tx.proto#L295) |

  - **Queries:**

>     | Command                                        | gRPC Endpoint                                              |

Reviewer: Same about the table. Replace with bullet point list. e.g., 

- Brief description of the query. Command: `consumer-genesis [consumer-id]`.  REST:  `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/consumer_genesis/{consumer_id}`.

Author: Updated.

    | `consumer-genesis [consumer-id]`               | `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/consumer_genesis/{consumer_id}`        |
    | `validator-consumer-key [consumer-id] [provider-validator-address]` | `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/validator_consumer_addr/{consumer_id}/{provider_address}`   |
    | `validator-provider-key [consumer-id] [consumer-validator-address]` | `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/validator_provider_addr/{consumer_id}/{consumer_address}`   |
    | `consumer-opted-in-validators [consumer-id]`   | `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/opted_in_validators/{consumer_id}` |
    | `consumer-validators [consumer-id]`            | `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/consumer_validators/{consumer_id}`      |
    | `validator-consumer-commission-rate [consumer-id]` | `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/consumer_commission_rate/{consumer_id}/{provider_address}` |
    | `all-pairs-valconsensus-address [consumer-id]` | `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/address_pairs/{consumer_id}` |

- Deprecate the following queries and governance proposals:
  - **Queries:**

>     | Command                                 | gRPC Endpoint                                                   |

Reviewer: ditto: replace with bullet point list.

    |-----------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|    
    | `list-start-proposals`                   | `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/consumer_chain_start_proposals` |
    | `list-stop-proposals`                   | `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/consumer_chain_stop_proposals`  |
    | `list-proposed-consumer-chains`         | `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/proposed_consumer_chains`       |

>   - **Proposals:**

Reviewer: `ChangeRewardDenomsProposal` was also deprecated. Actually all legacy proposals were.

>     - [ConsumerAdditionProposal](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/blob/feat/permissionless/proto/interchain_security/ccv/provider/v1/provider.proto#L31)

Reviewer: ditto: use v5.2.0 version for links.

    - [ConsumerModificationProposal](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/blob/feat/permissionless/proto/interchain_security/ccv/provider/v1/provider.proto#L140)
    - [ConsumerRemovalProposal](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/blob/feat/permissionless/proto/interchain_security/ccv/provider/v1/provider.proto#L122)  
    

> ([\#2171](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/pull/2171))

Reviewer: Remove

        - REST: `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/consumer_validators/{consumer_id}`

      - `validator-consumer-commission-rate [consumer-id]` -- query the consumer commission rate a validator charges on a consumer chain.
        - REST: `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/consumer_commission_rate/{consumer_id}/{provider_address}`

      - `all-pairs-valconsensus-address [consumer-id]` -- query all pairs of valconsensus address by consumer id.
        - REST: `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/address_pairs/{consumer_id}`

  - Deprecate the following queries and all the legacy governance proposals:
    - **Queries:**
      - `list-start-proposals` -- query consumer chains start proposals on provider chain.
        - REST: `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/consumer_chain_start_proposals`

      - `list-stop-proposals` -- consumer chains stop proposals on provider chain.
        - REST: `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/consumer_chain_stop_proposals`

      - `list-proposed-consumer-chains` -- query chain ids in consumer addition proposal before voting finishes.
        - REST: `/interchain_security/ccv/provider/proposed_consumer_chains`

    - **Proposals:**

>       - [ConsumerAdditionProposal](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/blob/a17a3851b5eb3cec515b711dceae0afe9c14c3f0/proto/interchain_security/ccv/provider/v1/provider.proto#L31)

Reviewer 2: Should we also mention that `MsgConsumerAddition`, `MsgConsumerRemoval`, etc. here as those are deprecated as well?

Reviewer: yeah, that's a good point. @sainoe could you please update.
